docs(respect): x-security rules (#2109)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/@v2/rules/respect/no-x-security-scheme-name-without-openapi.md

# no-x-security-scheme-name-without-openapi

You can only use `schemeName` in `x-security` when the Step request doesn't include `x-operation`.

| Arazzo | Compatibility |
| ------ | ------------- |
| 1.x    | ✅            |

## API design principles

This is a Respect specific rule.

> You must use an OpenAPI operation in a Step to be able to reference `schemeName` inside `x-security` extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must use an OpenAPI operation in a step to be able to reference `schemeName` inside `x-security` extension.
```
The Arazzo spec does not capitalize step.

# no-x-security-scheme-name-without-openapi

> You can only use `schemeName` in `x-security` when the Step request doesn't include `x-operation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only use `schemeName` in `x-security` if the step request does **not** include `x-operation`.
```

        password: 123456
```

Example 2 of an entry: 

```yaml

> steps:

Reviewer 2: @DmitryAnansky: I have included the code snippet from you. One question: can I remove "steps:" at the beginning of the code snippet? We do not define more than one step in this code snippet and Arazzo spec says we should start with "steps:" only when there are more than one step. There was probably more steps below in the original code snippet.

Reviewer 3: You can remove steps in your example
